Document restrictions with port forwarding (#1264)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/40 xk6-disruptor/01 Get started/04 Expose  Your Application.md

How you do this depends on the platform you use to deploy the application.
The following sections explain the different approaches.

## Using port-forwarding

`kubectl`'s `port-forward` command allows accessing applications running in a Kubernetes cluster using a local port.

For example, the following command will make `my-service`'s port `80` accessible as `localhost:8080`:

```sh
kubectl port-forward svc/my-service 8080:80
Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:8080 -> 80
```

### Limitations using port forwarding

To be able to inject faults, `xk6-disruptor` must [install an agent on each target](/javascript-api/xk6-disruptor/explanations/how-xk6-disruptor-works) that intercepts the requests and applies the desired disruptions. This process requires any existing connection to the targets to be redirected to the agent.

> Due to a existing bug in `kubectl`, the process of installing the disruptor can potentially [break the port forwarding](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-disruptor/issues/254). Notice that this issue arises only if the faults are injected in the service that is exposed using port forward. If the faults are injected in another service not exposed by port-forwarding, there should not be any issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a existing bug in `kubectl`, the process of installing the disruptor can potentially [break the port forwarding](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-disruptor/issues/254). Notice that this issue happens only if the faults are injected in the service that is exposed using port forward. If the faults are injected in another service not exposed by port-forwarding, there shouldn't be any issue.
```

nit: just a couple of small suggestions here.

Until this issue is solved in `kubectl`, tests using port forwarding to access a service should ensure the agent is installed in the targets before any traffic is sent by the test.

> The simplest way to accomplish this is to ensure the scenario that executes the load (2) starts after the scenario that injects the faults (1):

Reviewer 2: Another way to work around the current issue could be to run the `port-forward` command in a loop. I'm not a huge fan of proposing it, but it does not require changes on the scripts, which I think is less intrusive. WDYT?

Author: I  wouldn't recommend that approach, as many requests will fail while the loop completes, distorting the results of the test.

</CodeGroup>

> You can retrieve the external IP address and store in an environment variable (`SVC_IP` in this example) using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve the external IP address and store it in an environment variable (`SVC_IP` in this example) using the following command:
```
